SOLID:
S- Single Responsiblity
------------
 one class should have only one responsibility
  ex: Account class should maintain the Account operation it should not care about withdraw or deposit those will be
  handled by Transaction class

O -Open Closed:
---------------
any class/interface should be closed for modification , if there is any modifications needs to be done in class/interface
then the class/interface should be extended by new class and we can add the modification with that new class.

L -Liskov Substitution:
-----------------------
Objects of a superclass should be replaceable with objects of its subclasses without affecting the correctness of the program

Meaning in Simple Terms:
If class B is a subclass of class A, then anywhere you use an object of A, you should be able to use an object of B without breaking the program’s behavior.

I-Interface Segregation:
------------------------
Clients should not be forced to depend on interfaces they do not use.
Meaning in Simple Terms
--------------------------
Don’t create large, “fat” interfaces with too many methods.
Instead, split them into smaller, more specific interfaces so that classes only implement what they actually need.
This avoids having “dummy” implementations (methods that do nothing or throw exceptions).
👉 A class shouldn’t be forced to implement methods that don’t make sense for it.

ex: let's say we are implementing a program for documents(add, delete) here the Document interface should only
have methods to create and delete the document , it should not worry about connecting DB or anything we can
have different interface for different methods

D-Dependency Inversion:
-----------------------
High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should depend on abstractions.
Abstractions should not depend on details. Details should depend on abstractions.

Meaning in Simple Terms
-----------------------
High-level modules = classes that contain business rules (e.g., PaymentProcessor).
Low-level modules = classes that handle details (e.g., CreditCardPayment, PaypalPayment).
Instead of high-level depending directly on low-level, both should depend on an interface/abstraction.
👉 This way, if details change (like payment method, database, API), the high-level logic doesn’t break.